Round 1 Type: Online Test Mode: Online Duration: 2 hours 25 mins Difficulty level : Medium This round had reading comprehension, quantitative, logical as well as technical MCQ’s. Each section had a deadline of 15 mins. The technical questions were from HTML, Javascript, DBMS, Python. A good number was shortlisted for the next round. 

Round 2 Type: Hackathon Mode: Offline (PSG Tech) Duration: 24 Hours Difficulty level : Medium Caterpillar visited our college to conduct Hackathon on 17th July. It was a 24 hour hackathon and the problem statement was disclosed on-spot. This is a crucial point of the hiring process where they would monitor each individual separately. Speak confidently during the final presentation. Even if the team performs well, only selected individuals will be shortlisted for the next round

Round 3: Type: Technical Interview Mode: Physical (PSG Tech) Duration: 15-20 mins Difficulty level : Depends on the individual On the day of the interview, we were given a surprise test at the beginning. It consisted of 2 SQL queries and a frontend layout design question. This was not a shortlisting criteria. Upon completion, with our answer sheets we were asked to wait before the interview panel. We were requested to highlight our top 3 skills before the interview. Choose your skills wisely, this is the area where you’ll be tested and questioned. Some of the questions I was asked:   Self introduction   Technical questions (based on the top skills)   Code to establish connection with DB   Project Experience and role in it The results were announced around 5:30 pm, and I was offered intern + FTE. The entire process would be a bit tiring as it would happen on consecutive days. Try to stay calm, confident and don’t mention anything you don’t know in the resu